Add criteria to README and issue template (#689)
Qiskit/ecosystem: README.md

days.

To join the ecosystem, your project must:

>   - Build on, interface with, or extend the Qiskit SDK in some way.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the Qiskit repo or docs?

  - Be compatible with Qiskit 1.0 (or newer).
  - Have an [OSI-approved](https://opensource.org/license?categories=popular-strong-community) open-source license (preferably Apache 2.0 or MIT).

>   - Adhere to our [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: Should we offer that you can have an additional code of conduct?

Author: You mean they can enforce their own in addition to ours?

Reviewer: Exactly. Like theirs can be a superset.

>   - Have a commit from within the last 6 months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Have maintainer activity within the last 6 months, such as a commit.
```
